t
thank you very much
by land
just like you have spent hours
thinking how to get out of this crisis that
we live Venezuelans what to do to
find a course where we agreed
all with your permission I'm going to address
the
It should not be easy to be in your place without
offense intended I'll do the
exercise to examine what I would do if I were
you
if I were you I would recognize that immense
half that does not share your ideology for
represent us all we all have to
recognize us in your actions and in your
words if I were you I would give back to
the armed forces all without
labels without edges oble more than
distance from one or the other my grandfather
He was a brigadier general when he was a boy
I walked with him in the gardens
from the military academy in my heart
I carry the memories of its corners
tell the stories they told me
if I were you I would make a national chain
of radio television on which he will embrace
the pain of relatives and friends of
all the fallen
and evidence in hand would claim justice if
I, you, would free the prisoners
politicians and listen to their arguments in
public hearing would save that
extraordinary concept that shined by
his absence they called battle of
the ideas if I were you I would invest every
drop of our oil in consolidate
a homeland of freedoms in which the
technology education culture the
sport jorge citizens prepared for
tolerate their differences and measure them between
them depending on progress if I
outside you would write an oath in which
commit us all with your example to
use a height language where
disappear words like scrawny
stateless or plugged in if I were you
would invite henrique capriles to a debate
respectful full of arguments and
proposals if I were you I would put all
my efforts in organizing one single
underway to convene all
Venezuelans again the one that collapses the
airports by the influx of
compatriots who decide to return for
be with the
at that time if I were you
I would understand that nobody here wants a
coup d' etat
here we all want to feel
represented